**Privacy Policy**

Cornerstone Creations built the Promise of the day app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Cornerstone Creations at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies if anyone decided to use my Service.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Promise of the day unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

No information will be collected by me in any way.

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.


**Security**

We do not collect any personal information of yours.


**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-12-11

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at productions.cornerstone@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
